looking at a 1998 Chevy Tracker
four-cylinder automatic four-wheel drive
alright we're going to go for a quick
test drive here here we go
and I'm not going to be easy on it floor
this is floor here we go watch
translation ship
quick we're going to bring it up to
sixty miles an hour
all right they're 60
groups in 1665
beautiful drive out the country look at
the view out of this thing check the
view of
it's kind of a rough road here and it
rides really smooth considering the
wheelbase
the seats are comfortable
this is the nice driving car
50 miles an hour coming up to a stop
sign just do a brief check
it's hard good stop sure smooth and
quick with no vibration I'm going to do
any test of the four wheel drive it's in
too high
I'm going to shift it to four high and
we'll check it drive watch the light on
the lower right of the - it's on this
how easy it goes in and out two-wheel
drive four-wheel drive indicator light
let's go for a little ride
no gear noise works fine okay now we're
going to put in four low so let's do
that
okay it's in four high right now put
strands in neutral transfer case goes oh
shift over up and up more and it's in
okay here we go
there you go for low indicator on the -
is on okay
the I didn't put my seatbelt on and
that's the red indicator on the lower
left of the dash back to two wheel drive
neutral blue trilla transfer case
hold it over there for high let it come
over - that's it
put it here let's go
you